a=>randomName                         n=>mapStyleInfo                                                             
A=>stairColumn                        N=>numericSort                                                               
aa=>updateDungeonConfiguration        n_rooms=>roomCount                                                                           
b=>dungeonConfig                      Na=>stairDimensions                                                            
  B=>roomIdIterator                   O=>compositeMapLayer                                                            
  B=>roomSizeConfig                   oa=>findStairPlacements                                                         
ba=>calculateRoomCount                P=>directionRowOffsets                                                                         
Ba=>shuffleDirectionList                p=>doorCenterRow                                                                       
  c=>aspectRatio                        p=>roomColumnIndex                                                           
  c=>roomData                           pa=>deadEndRemovalRules                                                        
C=>doorLabelCode                        pa=>deadEndRemovalRules                                                   
Ca=>allDirectionsList                 q=>availableDoors                                                                   
complex_rooms=>isComplexRoomEnabled   Q=>initHandler                                                                                    
D=>doorLabelCharacter                 q=>roomIndex                                                                        
d=>selectedDoorStyle                  qa=>synchronizeDoors                                                               
Da=>oppositeDirectionsMap             r=>doorCenterColumn                                                                     
dungeon_name=>dungeonNameInput        R=>generateRoom                                                                              
dungeon_title=>dungeonTitleElement    r=>roomCoordinate                                                                                
E=>doorLabelString                    ra=>selectColorPalette                                                           
e=>roomHeight                         room=>roomsList                                                             
Ea=>colorFallbackChain                S=>drawGridLines                                                                     
ea=>connectCorridor                   sa=>baseLayerCanvas                                                               
f=>adjacentRoomId                     t=>doorRow                                                                      
F=>applyWallShading                   T=>getColor                                                                       
fa=>closeDeadEndsInSection            ta=>compositeBaseLayer                                                                   
Fa=>initializeStairInfo                 u=>cellData                                                                           
G=>cachedPixelsEnabled                  u=>midRow                                                               
g=>dungeonState                       U=>isDoorPositionValid                                                                     
Ga=>drawUpStairs                      ua=>drawDoors                                                                  
H=>dungeon                            V=>colorPalettes                                                         
h=>roomWidth                          v=>dungeonStateWithoutWallFlags                                            
  ha=>closeDeadEnds                   va=>drawRoomLabels                                                              
  ha=>fullyCloseDeadEnds              W=>mappedRoomConnections                                                         
Ha=>drawDownStairs                      w=>maxDoorsToCreate                                                                  
huge_rooms=>isHugeRoomEnabled           w=>roomRowIndex                                                                             
I=>dungeonStateWithStairs             wa=>drawStairs                                                                          
Ia=>exportMapImage                      x=>cellIndex                                                                     
ia=>isValidStairLabel                   x=>doorIndex                                                                        
J=>dungeonConfigConstants             X=>stairPlacementRules                                                                  
ja=>isStairPlacementValid               y=>isValid                                                                              
K=>applyShading                         y=>randomIndex                                                                
k=>roomId                             Y=>windowObject                                                         
ka=>closeDeadEnd                        z=>doorColumn                                                                  
  l=>roomData                           z=>midColumn                                                              
  l=>roomLayoutConfig                 Z=>updateDungeonTitle                                                             
la=>calculateStairOffsets             za=>initializeBackgroundLayers                                                          
m=>adjacentRoomId                                                                      
M=>directionColumnOffsets                                                                       
ma=>deadEndRemovalPercentage                                                                       
ma=>defaultDungeonConfig                                                                       
                                                       
                                                      
                                                          
                                                           
                                                            
                                                               
                                                             
                                                              
                                                        
                                                          
                                                               
                                                               
                                                         
                                                      
                                                    
                                                            
                                                           
                                                       
                                                         
                                                              
                                                       
                                                        
                                                           
                                                  
                                                   
                                                              
                                                   
                                                              
                                                 
                                                     
                                                        
                                                                       
                                                          
                                                                
                                                           
                                                       
                                                      
                                                    
                                                    
                                                              
                                                  
                                                      
                                                       
                                                     
                                                    
                                                             
